The favorite number of the customer has, is randomly assigned and is not the same each time. 
It'll start by telling you to guess randomly.
It'll prompt the user to put in a number, if it matches you get 100 dollars and the customer says "Aw man! You won, here's the 100 dollars". The dollar amount in your balance goes up 100 dollars. There is also a cashier register cha ching sound that plays, if you win.
Now, if they get to a positive 200 dollar balance, they win and it'll say "congrats you won!" and a congratulatory sound will be played. If they get a negative 200 dollar balance it'll say they "Unfortunately, you lost!", please try again.  
More than likely, they will lose because of the way they're choosing numbers randomly. However, even if they win After saying congrats you won, say in the next screen "You won, but there has to be a better way to do this.".
Then a screen will come up say instead of choosing randomly, I want you to choose a random number to start with but this time guess sequentially from that number, like 20, then all 9 of your next guesses have to 21, 22, 23, 24, etc…
The user will enter the numbers and if it's not sequential (1 more than the last one), then it'll hint the user to enter in the next number in the sequence. 
Now, if they get to a positive 200 dollar balance, they win and it'll say "congrats you won!" and a congratulatory sound will be played. If they get a negative 200 dollar balance it'll say they "Unfortunately, you lost!", please try again.  
More than likely, they will lose because of the way they're choosing numbers sequentially. However, even if they win After saying congrats you won, say in the next screen "You won, but there has to be a better way to do this.".
Now the next screen that comes up will say this time we're going to trying a different approach to guessing the customer's favorite number. 
We're going to always start with 50 (middle number between 1 and 100), and say is it 50, greater than 50 or less than 50? (Counts as one guess). 
If they say 50 (you win), if they say less than we're going to divide our current guess of 50 by 2 and guess 37 and so on. Explain the calculation of  guess = (min + max) / 2 (rounded down to the near whole number). If the user enters in a guess that doesn't follow that calculation than you can hint the user what to enter. After they put the correct number to guess for the binary search iteration, then it'll show up in the dialog box as "Is it (number), less than (number) or greater than (number). 
To which the user will respond it is (number), less than (number) or greater than (number). 
You'll play this guessing with binary search until you reach positive 300 dollars (should be impossible to lose), to which it'll say "Congrats! You won!". Then at the bottom you'll click a button that says continue to lesson.
Then in the lesson that comes up it's going to draw the analogy to what you just did with randomly guessing first round, linear search the second round and binary search the third round and talk about why binary search is so powerful (dividing the sample space in half each iteration) and how you'll always win the game using binary search properly. 
