You'll need to go to the hat making machine and on the settings for the buttons, you'll push arrows for how many hats you want, what size you want, select color of the top of hat from dropdown, color of the brim from dropdown and type in the lettering that you want on the hat. Then you'll hit submit on the machine and it'll output a box on the other end with hats that are highlighted and bobbing up and down. I imagine it to be on a conveyor belt of somesort. The settings menu of the machine needs to pop up when you engage with it. You'll grab the hats and put them in a box on a table and load them on the truck. 
Then you'll need to go to the t-shirt making machine, you'll push the arrow for many t-shirts you want, what size you want, select the color of the sleeves, the color of the body and the color of the lettering and text on the t-shirt. Then you hit submit on the machine and it'll output shirts on the other end that are highlighted and bobbing up and down. Similar to the other machine. You'll then grab the t-shirts and put them in a box and load the box on the shipping truck, which I imagine to be with an open back backed up to a garage door like a UPS facility.
Then you'll need to the jacket making machine and go to the settings menu. You'll say how many jackets you need, what size you need, what color the sleeves are, what color the body is, what color the lettering is and the text on the jacket. Then you'll click submit and after a bit the jackets will appear on the other side of the machine and you'll need to pick it up  and put it in the box for the olympic village. 

If you do the orders correctly, then it'll say great job and a lesson around functions will appear. Basically drawing an analogy between the machines requiring you to specify different inputs, the machine doing the work to make the clothing items and then outputting the items you wanted based on the input. 
This is similar to how functions work, basically with like 3 functions one being makeHat(), one being makeTshirt() and another being makeJacket().
You have the parameters it expected like how many, what size, what color of sleeves, etc… and the actual input you supplied like black sleeves, red body and yellow lettering.
Then it returned whatever item you wanted. 
This is how functions work, it clusters all the tasks needed to do something and allows you to just call the function and with the specified input to get what you want.